# The General Services Administration (GSA)

# OCSIT/18F

# *and*

# {{requestingAgency.name}}

## Form 7600B, Attachment A

### 1.0. BACKGROUND

The U.S. General Services Administration, the Servicing Agency, through
its Office of Citizen Services Innovative Technologies and 18F, builds
effective, user-centric digital services focused on the interaction
between Government and the people and businesses it serves. 18F helps
agencies deliver on their mission through the development of digital and
web services. Our mission is to transform the way the government builds
and buys information technology, IT, with an emphasis on public-facing
digital services. One of the ways 18F offers assistance to other
agencies is through Acquisition Services whereby 18F provides hands-on,
acquisition-oriented consulting services to Federal program managers and
other leaders who need assistance in procuring software that uses modern
development methodologies and techniques, such as agile, lean, open
source.

For purposes of this Statement of Work (SOW), the Requesting Agency is
the {{requestingAgency.name}}. The Requesting Agency requires
the services of GSA through 18F to assist in the preparation of
essential documents, such as the solicitation, for the procurement of
information technology to enable several enterprise endeavors related to
separate acquisition activities. {{requestingAgency.objective}}.

Through this agreement, GSA will complete a discovery sprint, scoping
workshop, drafting process, and a technical evaluation with the
Requesting Agency personnel for award. The discovery sprint will ideally
last no more than two weeks, but may go longer if necessary, in order to
properly delineate the scope of the challenges to be addressed. It is
anticipated that the discovery sprint will result in a set of
recommendations for next steps which will focus on successful
ghostwriting activities. Following the discovery period, 18F will
conduct solicitation (RFx) workshops with subsequent drafting of
necessary documents, contingent on the acquisition strategy. The RFx
workshop and drafting process shall include, at a minimum, the
following: reviewing any relevant proposed procurement artifacts,
generating new documents to satisfy the requirements, and ensure proper
alignment so that any procurement process takes full advantage of
leading acquisition practices, such as modular procurement, modern
digital practices, such as user-centered design, agile development,
application programming interfaces, and open source technologies.

### 2.0 SCOPE OF WORK and DELIVERABLES

18F will provide the Requesting Agency with the following:

1.  Undertake an initial discovery sprint to scope out challenges to be addressed;

2.  Conduct a solicitation (RFx) Ghostwriting Workshop with key Requesting Agency stakeholders;

3.  Provide written recommendations and findings report to include an acquisition strategy recommending a proposed procurement approach;

4.  Draft language for inclusion in new procurement documents (e.g. PWS/SOO for a RFx);

Key principles that guide 18F’s work with its clients:

1.  Make appropriate use of human/user-centered design and software development methodologies (e.g., agile).

2.  Take appropriate steps to ensure technical practices are adhered in order to increase modularity and to avoid vendor lock-in.

3.  Make appropriate use of open-source software, and selects modern technology stacks to ensure long-term sustainability for the project.

4.  Incorporate proven, commodity IT solutions (e.g., Commercial Off-The-Shelf solutions).

5.  Include explicit, results-oriented success criteria.

6.  Use the appropriate technical terminology to avoid ambiguity.

7.  Specify the necessary technical knowledge, skills, and abilities that the vendor must possess in order to execute the contract successfully.

8.  Take advantage of the “plays” set forth in the *[U.S. Digital Services Playbook](https://playbook.cio.gov/)*.

The acquisition-oriented consulting services under this agreement will
not include a legal review of any Requesting Agency procurement.
Additionally, 18F shall not be acting with procurement authority on
behalf of the Requesting Agency at any point in this engagement. The
Requesting Agency is responsible for obtaining a legal review from the
Requesting Agency personnel authorized to provide legal services to the
requesting agency as well as acting as its own procurement authority.

### 3.0 SERVICING AGENCY’S REQUIREMENTS

To ensure best execution of the agreed-upon working under this
agreement, the Requesting Agency must make the following commitments to
18F:

A.  Provide necessary key personnel from the Requesting Agency during the engagement, such as project/product manager and contracting representative, which typically consists of 2-3 representative users but may vary;

B.  Any and all relevant procurement and/or technical related documents; and,

C.  Travel to GSA’s facility at 1800 F Street, NW, Washington, DC 20405 or alternatively to the Requesting Agency’s desired location.

### 4.0 REIMBURSEMENT

Reimbursement for the above listed deliverables is to be provided on an
actual cost basis. Actual cost means GSA’s direct and indirect costs,
including (1) labor costs, charged at current hourly rates based on
employee grade plus overhead costs as well as travel (if any); (2)
non-labor costs, including any infrastructure/hosting, contracted
services, pre-approved travel, and related expenses under this
agreement.

### 5.0 DELIVERABLE TIMELINE

The Servicing Agency shall deliver to the Requesting Agency the
following:

  **Item**                                                                                                 **Due By**
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------
  Solicitation (RFx) Workshop                                                                              At a date mutually agreed upon by both parties.
  Written acquisition strategy                                                                             &lt; 7 business days from workshop start
  New drafted solicitation (RFx) based on workshop outputs and consensus around strategy recommendations   &lt; 20 business days from workshop conclusion

### 6.0. PROJECT STATUS AND REPORTING

GSA 18F will provide a status of key milestones on a weekly basis,
including recent accomplishments, planned activities, and risks and
issues. A financial accounting will be included at least monthly based
upon the requested services.
